Document the --sigs actonc option (#1403)
actonlang/acton: docs/acton-by-example/src/types.md

Acton is a statically typed language. Unlike traditional languages like C or Java, where the type of every variable must be explicitly stated, we can write most Acton programs without types. The Acton compiler features a powerful type inferencer which will then infer the type.

> To see the inferred type signatures after an Acton program is compiled you can use the `--sigs` option of the compiler. As rhe name suggests, this will print out the type signatures for the functions, actors and their attributes and methods found in the compiled file.

Reviewer: I want to place less emphasis on the built / compiled part. It used to be that actonc would compile a source file no matter what but now we check if alternate output is enabled, such as --sigs, and then exit before doing final compilation. I think we still write a .ty file to disc. The point is that the focus is printing some output, not compiling, so rewording to reflect that...

```suggestion
To see the inferred types of an Acton program, use the `--sigs` option of the compiler. As the name suggests, this will print out the type signatures for functions, actors and their attributes and methods in the specified Acton module.
```

Source:
```python
def foo(a, b):
    if a > 4:
        print(len(b))

actor main(env):
    i1 = 1234
    s1 = "hello"
    foo(i1, s1)

    await async env.exit(0)
```

> Compile and use the `--sigs` option:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Print type signatures with `--sigs`:
```

```sh

> actonc --sigs types.act
> Building file types.act
>   Compiling types.act for release
> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
actonc types.act --sigs

```

Freshest actonc doesn't print the "Building file" cruft for alternate outputs like --sigs...

Also provide file first. Actonc has multiple commands and a file can be thought of as an alias for "just build this file". --sigs is relevant for a single file, but it is not relevant to for example `actonc new my-new-project`. We should encourage users to think of "first command then followed by relevant arguments"
